{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red245\green245\blue245;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c96863;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16780\viewh16140\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 1) figure caption:\
Experiments that analyze the total runtime in Java and R for movieLib with size from $2^\{10\}$ to $2^\{20\}$. The runtime performance of the R program is significantly better than the Java program, especially when the size increases.\
\
2) descriptive text in paper:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Before we finalize the Java program, we analyzed six different Map abstract data types from CSC316, another six Map data types from Google Guava, and the last six from net.datastructure which is maintained by the Brown University. Based on these 18 different Map abstract data types, we selected best 4 out of 18 Map ADTs, in terms of Chain Hash Map, Hash Multimap. Linear Probing Map, and Linked Hash Multimap. The runtime performances for these four Map ADTs are statistically equal to each other, then, we pick Chain Hash Map as the template to do the following experiments in this section. (Give example to bad ADT)\
\
At the starting phase of this CSC316 project, we tried to replicate the Java program into the R program exactly the same way as using Map ADTs to approach the functionalities. However, Java is an object-oriented programming language, and R is mainly a functional programming language. Then, we thought it would be expensive for R to generate objects like our Java program did. At that point, a new package helped us survive, which is data.table. \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
data.table\cf0 \cb1  is an R package that provides an enhanced version of \cf2 \cb3 data.frame\cf0 \cb1 s, which are the standard data structure for storing data in \cf2 \cb3 base\cf0 \cb1  R. With this data structure, we can easily and efficiently store and manipulate data. Once we implement our R program with data table package, the result for R program was around 5 times faster than our Java program when analyzing our largest dataset with size of 2^20. Then, we found the motivation for our paper because of this new and extraordinary finding.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}